Except for computer D, each computer has a TCP/IP protocol stack like
that in Figure 1.  Computer D is the IP-router; it is connected to
all 3 networks and therefore has 3 IP addresses and 3 Ethernet
addresses.  Computer D has a TCP/IP protocol stack similar to that in
Figure 3, except that it has 3 ARP modules and 3 Ethernet drivers
instead of 2.  Please note that computer D has only one IP module.

   The network manager has assigned a unique number, called an IP
network number, to each of the Ethernets.  The IP network numbers are
not shown in this diagram, just the network names.

   When computer A sends an IP packet to computer B, the process is
identical to the single network example above.  Any communication
between computers located on a single IP network matches the direct
routing example discussed previously.

   When computer D and A communicate, it is direct communication.  When
computer D and E communicate, it is direct communication.  When
computer D and H communicate, it is direct communication.  This is
because each of these pairs of computers is on the same IP network.

   However, when computer A communicates with a computer on the far side
of the IP-router, communication is no longer direct.  A must use D to
forward the IP packet to the next IP network.  This communication is
called "indirect".

   This routing of IP packets is done by IP modules and happens
transparently to TCP, UDP, and the network applications.

   If A sends an IP packet to E, the source IP address and the source
Ethernet address are A's.  The destination IP address is E's, but
because A's IP module sends the IP packet to D for forwarding, the
destination Ethernet address is D's.
